# Current Bio
(Name is decided upon the player, character is shit at remembering)

- Someone with pcmandy autism and chronic mandy brainrot, will not shut up about the two even during conflict. It’s all the information they have and they also forgot so many shit including themselves. With this power of dumbassery including terrible sense of danger, they just go “fuck it we ball” making their skills inconsistent and sometimes unreliable.

- Despite the work, they still try to find ways to put less effort—thus also bringing the extendable ultimate hand grabber.
  • ──────────────────── •
  ## Other Notes
- Class : Support damage buff (with a twist! and gamble)
- gender is a social construct
- is probably a replica and a projection from a prose

# Combat Desc.

### Basic stats
- Hp: 90
- Def: 50
- Atk: 10
- Atk spd: 5

### Weapon

“anything nearby, like a rock  or person something”

(I don’t know how the numbers technically work in rpg)
## Passive:
- __Lazy Confidence__

Each time a enemy is eliminated, provides 1 mana but lowers atk spd (Atk speed debuff from this specific scenario gets cleared after round)

*”yaaa the team got this anyway lol”

One quick victory, one confirmed closure for success! Probably. They don’t want to use their foresight so they could only react and perceive the present.*

`(if we still kept the idea of enemies being somewhat difficult to defeat, therefore levels are progressively gets harder to clear lol)`

## Primary:

- __Ramble Session__

Provides a random buff on either for defense or attack. In some unlucky occasions, it might be a debuff. Player can select whether it be one or two characters, or the whole team to be affected by this skill.

- *”Did you know that pcmandy-<:explodes:1135638784281677904>” 

Provides one to seven sentences about pcmandy to the team. They may or may not intrigue them, but it sometimes give them a inspiration. It gets really annoying though..!*

## Secondary:
- __Pat__

Heals and increases speed to a single character.

- *”Pat time :3”

Comforts the teammate and reassures them they can do it, all told in the language of headpats.*

## Ult:
- __***WHEEEL TIME!!!***__

Triggers a random event.

*”If you don’t know what to choose, ask the wheel!!”*

*The wheel of random events sparking chaos in any sort of scenario! Spin the wheel and win a prize! Be plagued with uncertainty as the wheel spins, will it be on your side or will you meet your doom?*

`Extras: [Animation] Wheel pops up in the screen and a Chibi sized █ █ █ █ █ walks out from behind and spins the wheel. Animation can be skipped by any key or disabled via settings`

• ──────────────────── •

# Learnable / Optional Abilities
 __Snatch’d__
- - Steals/redirects debuffs to █ █ █ █ █

__Temper Tantrum__
- Throws a rock that bounces off to each head of the opposing force, dealing 4 dmg. 0.5 dmg is deducted each time it hits (AoE)(idk if it’s rlly low lol, it’s supposed to be low)

__Pondering__ 
- doesn’t do anything other than recovering 5 mana

• ──────────────────── •

# Overworld
## Species
- your average imaginary friend that came from words on some sort of media

## Stats

- strength: 2
- constitution: 2
- defense: 6
- intelligence: 6
- wisdom: 1
- charisma: 3

`EXTRA: “very knowledgeable in pcmandy lore but tbh idk where to use the rest for” (Low wisdom made the character very confused with what to do with all this knowledge)
Stats can also change for certain scenarios but this is what usually is`
